added annotations (#1)
WayScience/MNIST_TD-VAE: README.md

# Temporal Difference Variational Auto-Encoder (TD-VAE) (Implemented using PyTorch)

> This is an implementation of the TD-VAE introduced in [this ICLR 2019 paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=S1x4ghC9tQ), which is really well writen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an implementation of the TD-VAE introduced in [this ICLR 2019 paper](https://openreview.net/forum?id=S1x4ghC9tQ), which is really well written.
```

> TD-VAE is designed such that it have all following three features:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TD-VAE has the following three features:
```

1. It learns a state representation of observations and makes predictions on the state level.

> 2. Based on observations, it learns a belief state that contains all the inforamtion required to make predictions about the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Based on observations, it learns a belief state that contains all the information required to make predictions about the future.
```

3. It learns to make predictions multiple steps in the future directly instead of make predictions step by step. It learns by connecting states that are multiple steps apart.

> Here, based on the information disclosed in the paper, I try to reproduce the experiment about moving MNIST digits. In this experiment, a sequence of a MNIST digit moving to the left or the right direction is presented to the model. The model need to predict how the digit moves in the following steps. After training the model, we can feed a sequence of digit into the model and see how well it can predict the further. Here is the result.

Reviewer: Adding some suggested rewording here. Also, consider moving to one-sentence-per-line documentation structure. This helps keep reviews and updates very modular while retaining the visual rendering style of paragraphs, etc.

```suggestion
Based on the information disclosed in the paper, I try to reproduce the experiment about moving MNIST digits. In this experiment, a sequence of a MNIST digit moving to the left or the right direction is presented to the model. The model needs to predict how the digit moves. After training the model, we can feed a sequence of digits into the model to see how well it can predict the further. Below are the results:
```

Reviewer 2: yes! please use 1 sentence per line.

(I know these aren't your words or formatting, but it is still good for this to be in our lab's standards)

Author: changed to one line and incorporated more concise language

Reviewer 2: we use `one-sentence-per-line`, please change :)
